Cleanup (#140)
radicle-dev/radicle-docs: docs/using-radicle/adding-a-seed-node.md

   sidebar.

Recent seed node activity and connected peers can be viewed on the added seed

> node's dashboard (e.g. ht<span>tp:</span>//seed.my.org). The default seed dashboard for

Reviewer: 🤔

Author: It's to escape the links and not have them be codeblocks.

Author: It's genius, trust me

Author: http://seed.my.org

Reviewer: I think a `codeblock` would be fine. Otherwise the next dev stumbling onto this will revert it, not knowing why it's like that.

Author: Ok makes sense 🥲

> node's dashboard (e.g. ht<span>tp:</span>//seed.my.org). The default seed dashboard for

Author: ```suggestion
node's dashboard (e.g. `http://seed.my.org`). The default seed dashboard for
```
